Update development setup documentation (#4852)
kiali/kiali: README.adoc

Make sure you have the following tools:

* The link:http://golang.org/doc/install[Go Programming Language]

> ** Currently, Kiali releases are built using Go 1.17. Although Kiali may build correctly using other versions of Go, it's suggested to use version 1.17.7 for development to ensure replicatable builds. Makefiles will require this minimum version of Go.

Reviewer: Rather than continuing to hardcode the versions here (and going obsolete after we bump the go but forget to update this readme :), I suggest pointing the reader to the Makefile - specifically here: https://github.com/kiali/kiali/blob/master/Makefile#L31

So I suggest changing this to:
```suggestion
** Currently, Kiali releases are built using a specific minimum version of Go as declared in the [Makefile](https://github.com/kiali/kiali/blob/master/Makefile#L31). Although Kiali may build correctly using other versions of Go, it's suggested to use the version that the Makefile uses for your own development to ensure replicatable builds.
```

> ** Currently, Kiali releases are built using a specific minimum version of Go as declared in the [Makefile](https://github.com/kiali/kiali/blob/master/Makefile#L31). Although Kiali may build correctly using other versions of Go, it's suggested to use the version that the Makefile uses for your own development to ensure replicatable builds.

Reviewer: sorry - this doesn't render correctly. I guess this is not correct adoc link. Just correct so it shows up as a link with text of "Makefile":
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2029470/160145325-f9a35556-e799-4a2d-bb0d-a59e0896008d.png)

Author: Woops, sorry I glided over the fact that it's an adoc not md haha, fixed the syntax!

Author: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/37652070/160146238-bdd0699d-bf5d-4e51-93c9-cf7b413d1169.png)
Renders correctly now!

=== Running the UI outside the cluster

> When developing the https://github.com/kiali/kiali-ui[Kiali UI] you will find it useful to run it outside of the cluster to make it easier to update the UI code and see the changes without having to re-deploy. The preferred approach for this is to use the _proxy_ feature of React. The process is described https://github.com/kiali/kiali-ui#developing[here].

Reviewer: Revert this line change. Looks like this PR is not rebased on the latest master. We no longer use kiali-ui, this line was changed recently.

Author: I see, reverted!
